>> Kevin Powell: So instead of having this
here, we're gonna keep that there for
a minute, we'll delete this
one cuz we don't need it.
Get rid of the console.log, and what we'll
do instead is, let's create a function.
So we're gonna say function, and
we'll call it updateFilter, and
we'll have the (e) right there,
cuz we want that effect to go through,
here I was using the arrow function.
If I'm creating a new function somewhere
else that's not just being used in
a callback there,
I find just giving it a name and
declaring it this way is a lot easier.
I don't know, it's just the way I work.
So we're gonna put that there and
then have our const
filterType = e.target., actually target.
We don't have a target, all right,
let's see what we have actually e.target.
And let's do a console.log(e.target) to
see if there's something we can use or
if we need to make a change.
So we have the updateFilter, what I'm
gonna do here, is every time that we
change here, instead of having this
whole function here, what we can do.
I mean, we can do this for
both of them now,
is we can just do our
updateFilter as a callback.
And now, I can copy that and
paste that and do the seasonalFilter, and
I can also do this for my editableFilter.
So we add the event listener
to both of them, but
both of them are gonna use the same
filter to be able to change.
So if I go to my Spring, we can get
the id there, if I change this one,
you can see my id is coming
right there with that one.
And if we go through edible spring,
summer cuz I didn't change.
So we're getting the season,
coming up there.
One thing I didn't give these
selects was a name, and
I was planning on giving them names.
So I'm gonna go and do that now, we
could actually grab the id as well, that
would work but it's easy to come in here
and give this a name="season" as well.
And I'm gonna come on the select and give
this a name is equal to edible, like that.
And the advantage of having
the name on there is it's
just really easy to get to cuz we can
.name and then season and my edible.
So that's the one that's
coming through and
either the filterType here is
either my season or my edible or
getting the one that we wanna be using in
either one of those different situations.
And now we can just be a little bit
more creative or not creative but
a little smarter in how
we're doing things.
So instead of console logging that,
we wanna be able to change
the current filter based on
this filterType that we have.
Do we have the seasonFilter or
do we have the edibleFilter?
So for
this we're gonna do our currentFilters and
we have to do things
a little bit different.
Up until now I've always been
using the dot notation so
that would be like the season
that I did before.
The dot notation won't work in this
situation because of how I'm using it.
The dot notation would work with
the exact word of season or
the exact word of edible, but
I don't have that exact word.
I have a variable of filterType instead.
So because I'm using a variable,
it just means instead of the dot notation,
we do have to use the brackets
like this instead.
So filterType right there is
equal to the e.target value.
So, remember the value is the filterType,
so we're getting here,
this should be .name,
I took it off for some reason.
The name is either season or edible,
and then the value that we're getting
from that is the actual value
of what we've selected.
So we're gonna update
the currentFilters[filterType], so
that's either we're updating either
the season or the edible, and
we're gonna update it to
the value that's being used there.
So if we save that, and we'll do
a console.log, so we can see it in action.
Of our currentFilters, when I come here
and I change it to Spring, spring and
all, if I come here and I do Edible,
we're getting spring and the edible.
Edible I change it to Toxic,
we can see we're getting
the toxic coming in right there.
So it keeps track of both of them, and
we're using one function to be
able to update both of them there.